# 1. Opening Activities

## 1.1 Opening comments (Co-Chair David)

## 1.2 Introduction of participants/roll call (Co-Chair David) TODO

| First Name | Last Name | Company          | Role(s)                 |
| :--------- | :-------- | :--------------- | :---------------------- |
| Aditya     | Sharad    | Microsoft        | Member                  |
| Chad       | Bentz     | defi SOLUTINS    | Public Participant      |
| David      | Keaton    | Individual       | Chair                   |
| Eddy       | Nakamura  | Microsoft        | Voting member           |
| Katrina    | O'Neil    | Micro Focus      | Voting member           |
| Nathan     | Baird     | Microsoft        | Member                  |
| Paul       | Anderson  | Grammatech, Inc. | Voting member           |
| Stefan     | Hagen     | Individual       | Secretary, taking notes |

TODO

## 1.3 Procedures for this meeting (Co-Chair David) TODO

## 1.4 Approval of agenda (Co-Chair David) TODO

* https://www.oasis-open.org/committees/download.php/69500/agenda_20220113.html

  Agenda was approved TODO

## 1.5 Approval of previous minutes (Co-Chair David) TODO

* [Minutes of 2021-12-09 Meeting #48](https://www.oasis-open.org/committees/document.php?document_id=69499&wg_abbrev=sarif)

  Minutes were approved TODO

## 1.6 Review of action items and resolutions (Secretary Stefan) TODO

* ACTION David: Find out how to upload content to wikipedia (#507)
  - TODO
* ACTION Michael: Reach out to contacts at Google and Uber on the Code Insights Protocol topic
  - TODO
* ACTION Michael: Reach out to ParaSoft
  - TODO
* ACTION Michael: Will author and check in the roadmap / list of in- and out-of-scope features
  - TODO

## 1.7 Identification of SARIF TC voting members (Co-Chair David) TODO

### 1.7.1 Prospective members attending their first meeting TODO

### 1.7.2 Members attaining voting rights at the end of this meeting TODO

### 1.7.3 Members losing voting rights if they have not joined this meeting by the time it ends TODO

### 1.7.4 Members who previously lost voting rights who are attending this meeting TODO

### 1.7.5 Members who have declared a leave of absence TODO

# 2. Future Meetings

## 2.1 Future meeting schedule (Co-Chair David) TODO

* Scheduled Teleconferences (Thursdays at 08:00 PT / 16:00 UTC for 1.5 hours)
  ```
  January 27
  ```
* Proposed Teleconferences (Thursdays at 08:00 PT / 16:00 UTC for 1.5 hours)
  ```
  February 10
  February 24
  ```
* Possible face-to-face meeting in 2022Q1

# 3. Discussion

## 3.1 Review recruitment effort to complete the technical committee

* TODO

## 3.2 Review status on finalizing SARIF 2.1 errata

* David: submitted the request to OASIS for the 15-day public review of the Errata on 2021-12-09.

## 3.3 Review current state of ecosystem ongoing work

* TODO

## 3.4 Any continued report/discussion on metrics

* TODO

## 3.5 Review proposal for what's in- and out-of-scope - general discussion

* TODO

## 3.6 Status of Wikipedia page

* TODO

## 3.7 Discuss end-to-end results management (including code insights protocol)

* TODO

# 4. Other Business

* TODO

# 5. Resolutions and Decisions reached (by 10 minutes prior to scheduled meeting end)

## 5.1 End debate of other issues by 10 minutes prior to scheduled meeting end and follow the agenda from this point (Co-Chair David)

## 5.2 Review of Decisions Reached (Secretary Stefan)

* DECISION: TODO

## 5.3 Review of Action Items (Secretary Stefan)

* TODO

# 6. Next Meeting

January 27, 2022 / 08:00-09:30 PT / 16:00-17:30 UTC

# 7. Adjournment

Meeting was adjourned. TODO
